docs: improve docs related to the pre-aggregations schema (#2383)
cube-js/cube.js: docs/content/Configuration/Config.md

allows to dynamically set the pre-aggregation schema name depending on the
user's context.

Defaults to `dev_pre_aggregations` in [development mode][ref-development-mode] and `prod_pre_aggregations` in production.

Can be also set via environment variable `CUBEJS_PRE_AGGREGATIONS_SCHEMA`.

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
[[warning |]]

> | We recommend always use different pre-aggregations schemas in development and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| We **strongly** recommend using different pre-aggregation schemas in development and
```
